what's up guys I shivam and as we all
know the next this month on the februari
of 24th mwc is going to happen in the
Barcelona and Samsung is crying pretty
hard and they are going to show us the
Galaxy s5 the latest device and their
event and let's talk about it so they've
been teasing up with their leaders you I
the new TouchWiz they had developed
already in the glaxy notes tab series as
we already see saw that on the CES 2014
but now it's time for the last five and
the specs we are expecting will be the
top notch so as the North 3 it is
expected to have the or Fox leather on
it that leather backing stitching is
like on a north ray and the leaks show
us the back of the package the box of
the s5 which shows us the 2 megapixel
sensor in in the front but 20 megapixel
sensor at the back like the z1 Sony said
one it will also pack up a 3gb ldp ddr3
RAM like the note 3 so it kind of like
it's similar to the note 3 with a little
a little difference like they always do
like the galaxy s4 and the North 3 the
kind of like a bounce from s-series to
the North series and also in the look
wise they're going to same the note 3
and the s5 as leaks also tell that it
will also have a five point 25 inch
screen with a resolution of koh d which
means a 2k display that we've been
waiting for a long time and soon the
days are when we will see 4k display on
the phone that days are near so the
league's tell all the specs you can see
the as shown in the photo the back of
the box of the s5 and that's all I have
to say it
so subscribe share give us a thumbs up
show some support if you want to see
videos like that in and if you have
anything you can ask me just on twitter
and go ad shivam links in the
description you can follow me there so
that's it see you guys in the next video